\input texinfo    @c -*-texinfo-*-
@comment %**start of header
@setfilename cfs-el.info
@include version.texinfo
@settitle The GNU cfs-el @value{VERSION} Manual
@syncodeindex pg cp
@comment %**end of header
@copying

GNU cfs-el is a frontend for using CFS (Criptographic File System -
wrote by Matt Blaze) from Emacs.

This is Edition @value{EDITION}, @value{UPDATED},
of @cite{The GNU cfs-el Manual},
for GNU cfs-el version @value{VERSION}.

Copyright @copyright{} 2002,2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
     
@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License.''

@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* cfs-el:(cfs-el).     A frontend to CFS (Criptographic File System).
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The GNU cfs-el Manual
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Marco Parrone (@email{marc0@@autistici.org})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top GNU cfs-el

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                Ganeral informations.
* News::                        User-visible changes from the past versions.
* Copying::                     Copying conditions and NON-warranty.
* Copying This Manual::         Copying This Manual.
* Distribution::                How to get the latest distribution.
* Loading::                     Preliminary things.
* Customization::               How to customize it to your preferences.
* Usage::                       Usage informations.
* Authors::                     The authors.
* Thanks::                      Thanks.
* Concept Index::               An item for each concept.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Copying This Manual

* GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@node Introduction, News, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction
@cindex Introduction
@cindex General informations

@include introduction.texinfo


@node News, Copying, Introduction, Top
@chapter News
@cindex News
@cindex Changes
@cindex User-visible changes

@include news.texinfo


@node Copying, Copying This Manual, News, Top
@chapter Copying
@cindex Copying
@cindex License
@cindex GNU General Public License
@cindex GNU GPL

@include gpl.texinfo


@node Copying This Manual, Distribution, Copying, Top
@appendix Copying This Manual
@cindex Copying this manual
@cindex License

@menu
* GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.
@end menu

@include fdl.texinfo


@node Distribution, Loading, Copying This Manual, Top
@chapter Distribution
@cindex Distribution
@cindex Latest distribution
@cindex How to get

@include distribution.texinfo


@node Loading, Customization, Distribution, Top
@chapter Loading
@cindex Loading
@cindex Preliminary things

@include loading.texinfo


@node Customization, Usage, Loading, Top
@chapter Customization
@cindex Customization
@cindex How to configure

@include customization.texinfo


@node Usage, Authors, Customization, Top
@chapter Usage
@cindex Usage
@cindex Usage informations

@include usage.texinfo


@node Authors, Thanks, Usage, Top
@chapter Authors
@cindex Authors

@include authors.texinfo


@node Thanks, Concept Index, Authors, Top
@chapter Thanks

@include thanks.texinfo


@node Concept Index,  , Thanks, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp


@bye
